Hello.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, did you sneeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I have, I have
Bianca Garcia: The this year condition that I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Clear by flipping my head over so I know that a second day you had a hood. Is it is it cold.
Bianca Garcia: I just go, I just don't want to fix my hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like matters. It doesn't matter. But whatever you feel comfortable with obviously
Bianca Garcia: You're going to notice here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me check on physically how you're doing. I'm are you add a new optimal new normal. As far as
Gwenevere Abriel: Being on the buprenorphine.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, yes, definitely threw me off a little bit there. But no, I'm trying. Thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. We got to start with that. And then where you're living. I want to check in on. Are you feeling stable where you're living
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Where did you move to and does brave heart health. Know your new address and all that.
Bianca Garcia: I can move
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, why did I think that, why did I think eviction landlord. Why did I get that in my head.
Bianca Garcia: I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got it. I gotta check myself. Let me see where I got this.
Because I might have just pulled it out of nowhere.
Huh, yeah, you're right.
Yes. Okay, so
That's march 24
We're going through a difficult time right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll talk about that. I want to, I want to understand what your text meant on the 24th, I need to understand that, oh inspection landlord inspection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not eviction an inspection is not an eviction Boy, what a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so stable. Stable residents, no worries. So right
Bianca Garcia: Yes, good, good, good, good.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I didn't even want to do it because of the whole virus thing but it came in like well protected and it was just him and he came, I know it was like 1015 minutes so it wasn't too bad but
Bianca Garcia: I don't know i spaced it out. I didn't even realize he was Kareena day
Bianca Garcia: Always focusing on it was my appointment with you more than I totally spaced him out. So I was like, Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is your actual group. What's your assigned group daytime.
Bianca Garcia: Fridays at 12 and it's going to be tomorrow at 1130 I believe you guys changed it. This, this one week. You had mentioned on Monday group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can check in and 1130. That will be fine. We will start at 1230 the group begins at 1230 more than welcome to do it an hour early, you might want to. It's up to you. I run a group at 11 so it might be full of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Who might want to get started kind of early and be like, Hey, I'm going to be here an hour and a half. Let me get my Bam Done. Everything's good. I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. See, in an hour and then you can just kind of get right in. You know what I mean.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, okay.
Bianca Garcia: For some reason, I gotta, you had said it was earlier.
Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Then 1230 I wrote it down but knows what 12 group is 1230
Bianca Garcia: Right.
Bianca Garcia: Tomorrow,
Gwenevere Abriel: April 2 Thursday group is 1230
Bianca Garcia: For the 12 o'clock.
Bianca Garcia: For the original Friday 12 is Thursday 1230 I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And so I'll say it very simply tomorrow is group. It starts at 1230 I'll just keep it just like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the one that you're, you're going to be able to attend and you're considering going in early to get the check in done. And that's it. And we'll just leave it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: The following week we resume regular scheduled programming. That's April 10 and that's at 12 o'clock on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep it nice and simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get into a little bit. I don't you know don't don't know what was going on here on the 19th and 20th. I don't know. But here's something that you mentioned. And I wanted to delve into this a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was on the 24th. You said
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a piece of information. I wasn't used to hearing about was a surprise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you are not what we call hyper verbal
Gwenevere Abriel: You're kind of a right
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're asked a question, you'll answer it. But other than that, you're kind of
Bianca Garcia: Sorry, I don't try to be like, I just, I don't know. I mean, I'm you so, so can I get used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's okay. So, but that might just be part of how the context of our relationship or group or therapy or treatment. I don't know. Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: More self disclosing with friends.
Bianca Garcia: Believe so
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been. Has anyone ever said you're shy.
Bianca Garcia: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: No one's ever said your shot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so here I found this let's let's go over this just a little bit so I have a better understanding. So, on March 24
Gwenevere Abriel: You wrote. Hello, I'm so sorry I didn't even notice the time usually my alarm goes off, even though I did confirm yesterday, if you can please see me today. If you have any openings or whenever your schedule is open, please let me know. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I don't know what's coming over me. This is the part I was curious about it. Don't know what's coming over me, but I believe my chronic anxiety and panic.
Gwenevere Abriel: chronic anxiety.
And panic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Panic, panic.
Bianca Garcia: Opinion. I said this to or or you're reading a text or
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a text. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't remember texting that
Bianca Garcia: Not what I was trying to remember because I was even going to look up the one you said from the other one. When I told you that the inspection, because I was like, wait.
Bianca Garcia: But yeah, no. Yeah. Now I remember now that i but i was gonna look it up myself to
Gwenevere Abriel: God, if you're in front of me I can always pull that up. So I want to talk about that a little bit. Because it, it
Gwenevere Abriel: It surprised me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it says, um, I don't know what's coming over me. I believe my chronic anxiety and panic disorder is taking over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I need to do something about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call virtual clinic to reschedule now grammar aside, I don't know what that last part means, but I wanted. Can we talk a little bit about chronic anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's a new piece about you that I don't know anything about. Tell me about chronic anxiety and let me just listen for a while. Let me understand that is
Bianca Garcia: Well, I have been diagnosed with it. I'm
Bianca Garcia: And sometimes it's really hard to manage like I worry too much and I'm I feel
Bianca Garcia: I feel good that I have a therapy. Now, or I don't know if I have it. But I mean, at least I have some kind of therapy. I guess if it's not really for that. It's fine. But, I mean, I
Bianca Garcia: I feel like I at least I have that, but um yeah I know sometimes it's, it's, it's, um, it's pretty bad and I i cannot control it in and I like start to panic.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're glad that you have some therapy in your life. Although you wonder whether it's treating the anxiety and you notice that there are times you try to control it, but you can't
Bianca Garcia: Right, I mean I been really good about it. But that one time, I couldn't. And like I usually do like briefings or I'll walk or you know whatever there's other stuff. You're supposed to do for it.
Bianca Garcia: And I have and I have been really good. And I also have like
Bianca Garcia: Take as needed. When that happens, so I have to do that if if I can't control it, but
Bianca Garcia: Take
Gwenevere Abriel: I speak as needed. I take as needed. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, is
Bianca Garcia: There are their pencils.
Bianca Garcia: First she was giving me liras pans and then since it got so bad and I got a problem and and then I just take one of the 0.2 point five.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, on this day somewhere around the 24th that day. Did you take the point five that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, did you experience some relief from racing heart and racing thoughts do you get some relief.
Bianca Garcia: Absolutely, yes. Yes, and I believe that was the day that I missed appointment with you the 24th. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure I can look too far away, we can cross check that. But let's just stay clinically discussing what's going on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you take point five, or did you end up taking more than that.
Bianca Garcia: No, that's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: On that day, what time of day did you end up taking lorazepam
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Bianca Garcia: I'm not sure. I remember you don't remember. No, it was like it was an evening that's sure
Oh,
Bianca Garcia: No, I don't think it was evening. It goes like afternoon. I'm not too sure. I really don't like to take it if I don't have to because it does like give you like a little memory loss.
Bianca Garcia: And that's why I can't take more than the one I just do the one and even after that. I'm like the gum, like, oh, you know, I don't like it like that, it's only for that and and it does, it gives you like some kind of memory loss that I don't like that at all. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the side effect of memory loss is a deterrent for you.
Bianca Garcia: Is it. I'm sorry, what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm deterrent. So I'll rephrase
Gwenevere Abriel: Sup negative side effect.
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see what was going on that day. Let's see if we can deconstruct it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'll take a peek at the calendar. So the 24th is Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks like a Monday evening I reach out to you. It looks like. And I say, Good evening, trying to confirm tomorrow's individual therapy, we must add something up at one o'clock. Yeah. So we had something on a Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: The 24th. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you hit said yes it's confirmed little thumbs up. Thank you. And then, um, I don't hear from you all. Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it's a no show. See, I don't know what's going on. Something's going on and I hear from you. I have to translate the time because it's two hours later here for four o'clock, your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what you. Hello. Right. I'm so I'm so sorry I didn't even notice the time
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually my alarm goes off, even though I did confirm yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you didn't notice the time. So let's just see what might have been going on on a Tuesday. What do you think was going on on that Tuesday. Do you think
Bianca Garcia: I was super busy. I'm always busy. I have two kids and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, right.
Bianca Garcia: But there is like my phone sometimes is so weird. Like, I will have it for a certain time, it won't go up and it's I've had that happen before
Bianca Garcia: And I don't know, and I'm making sure it's like, you know, because you have to put like the day or like every Monday or Friday or, you know, starting AM, PM and
Bianca Garcia: And I'm just like, I don't understand why that happened that day. But I also like panicked off of it. And I think that's when I was like oh my gosh I missed it. And I felt it from it. So I think that's part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So as we continue to talk. It might have been
Gwenevere Abriel: I missed the appointment and maybe that is what you think you said you panicked off of it off of the missed appointment. So I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you had made some meaning out of the missed appointment. So I want to spend a little bit of time with that right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the same meaning for everyone but you did something with it. I'm curious to know what what the thoughts were
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back in time and try and picture that moment when you realize I miss my appointment, even though I confirm with her last night. Let me into some of the thoughts that you had when you realized you missed the appointment.
Bianca Garcia: Was definitely like oh man and
Bianca Garcia: Then that's when I started like worrying so much and I was like, no, because I I'm usually really good with you guys like I've only missed, like the one deployment Friday. And then I went to Monday group.
Bianca Garcia: That was inspection and not once with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's let me interrupt you for just a second. So what you're doing is you're talking about you.
Bianca Garcia: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: This is okay. You're doing great. This is really this is different. You're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Who you are with bright heart that's not quite what I'm asking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want you to go back in time and the moment you realized, oh my gosh, doing more of those. That's a thought, Oh, my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to know what your next thought was, and then the next one and kind of want to get into what it was like to be you for those early minutes before
Gwenevere Abriel: You how did you say you panicked off of it. So I want to know what kind of deconstructing the events of thinking, feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Expectation beliefs, all of that. I want to kind of slow time down and hear about it. So let's see if it can go back, you realize it. Right. Do you remember where you were like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You realize it was four o'clock or something like, do you remember what what brought you snapped you to what time it was
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I think it was in my room. And when I grabbed my phone for my charger.
Bianca Garcia: I saw the time and I just started thinking, like, oh, shoot in not in that word either
Bianca Garcia: And I was like, I was like, what is she gonna think I was like, Oh man, I don't like to miss. And I just, I don't know. That's what I felt like I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay right there so you know you. I have a you can cuss all you want. I that is not a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can use the F bombs. You can use any words you want. I know I look like I'm not ready to hear those words, it is not a problem. You never have to edit.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is probably Oh shit, right.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then so let's slow time down. Let's look at this one. What will she think, am I the sheet or is like, am I the sheet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so I'm going to see. So what will what will when think now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brain came up with a couple of scenarios.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel that in you asked. I wonder what she'll think and you answered yourself, why did you answer yourself. When will probably think what
Bianca Garcia: I don't know, but I thought that I just knew that I had to tell you, you know what, I was like, what, why, I guess, and then how I felt. And I told you the whole kind of thing or the anxiety and and I just hope you would understand when I when I said that
And hope for understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had to tell me this panic stuff.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but there was a period of time before the panic off of it. There was moments before it happened. You weren't in a panic space as you were going about your day you're taking care of the kids, you were doing a thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the cause. Let's just play with this a little bit. Do you think the cause is what I think specifically going or
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it what will my treatment program thing or will I not get my Medicaid for some people, there's a connection between the therapy and their medication and it's a big scary thing like well what if they
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't give it to me or something. What if I'm kicked out of the program like it's more than just what is this
Gwenevere Abriel: When think it's more like what is my treatment program going to do some for some people it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's less about art my personality, per se, or my genus or something and more about what privilege or what may be taken away the fear response of what might happen because I forgot my appointment. So let's rewind a little bit and see and fine tune what this was. What will she think
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only what will she think. But what was the thought of what might happen, but it. What was your fear around what might happen that you missed the appointment.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I think, yeah, definitely the whole program.
Bianca Garcia: But obviously, you do have a lot of authority over a song that I i would think, because you do, you know, say, hey, can you send the prescription or will we see you
Bianca Garcia: And stuff. So maybe I thought that. But definitely, I thought about you more than the program was like, oh, like I hope she's not bad, or, you know, I was like, shoot. Like, I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay there. You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's mad. Now let me ask you something. Have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's accurate or not that that less is matters less than when you have been watching in group or in individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you seen me be mad.
Bianca Garcia: No matter mad, I'm what I seen
Bianca Garcia: Just more like where you would be like, Oh, no, you can't miss you. You have to stay here. You, you can't go to work. You need to stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. You can't go to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Not like a mad tone. But of course, more like, you know, more like I don't know how to say it, but like where you're like, more sturdy on them or like or you're like No, like cap or whatever. I don't know how to express that, but not like Matt. The more you know you know what I mean.
Bianca Garcia: It's more of a look
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to use your wording now because I think we're getting somewhere with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: The actual words. I know, as far as words go. I've never uttered. You can't go to work I dance around it a little bit more right i'm i'm kind of tricky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'll, I'll talk about the value of employment are all say, so it was important for you to go to work and I'll say things like that, but I never said you have to stay and you can't go to work quite phrase things quite like that because it's
Bianca Garcia: My motive. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, definitely. But
Bianca Garcia: In a way, like that. The guy said, and group. He's like, I have to go to work and you're like, well, you have to stay here and he just left, but I was like you know it.
Bianca Garcia: It was from the work and all that. But you weren't mean or anything like that. But that's, that's, I was like, Oh, man. Like obviously she wants us to keep be consistent and stuff like this happens. I didn't think it would be okay. I mean, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we stay right in there. We will, we won't go into too much dispute around what I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this you ran into some very you ran in your in a very unique setting because that is that's a pretty unique one that I won't even come close to
Gwenevere Abriel: As the typical way for me to actually say something more like this is a difficult choice, the expectation is that you stay here for the duration. That's a typical way I talk. I can't really say stay. I can say the expectation is that you remain here for the duration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Are you said a lot. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I dance around it a bit because I really don't have. I'm not God. I'm not right. I all I'm doing is saying this was the commitment and
Gwenevere Abriel: There will be a consequence. Now, the consequence part I don't talk much about that's very delicate. That's a really a really special kind of conversation and it isn't always appropriate to happen in a group setting.
Bianca Garcia: It's just, it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't fly very well. But what's really important that I'm hearing today is what Bianca heard was stay
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, that's how I think. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And that's what I care about that, even though I dance around. I've got all these fancy talk
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what I do. BIANCA heard in an authoritative tone in a firm tone. You need to stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though I didn't say it. That's how it felt. And that's what I'm interested in. So I've got to kind of be aware of that and be sensitive to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how I come across, because I need to check in with you and say, how are you hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: What I think I'm inviting or I'm setting up a contingency or doing something else. It might not land. The way I intended it, I might wanted it to have been more like easy breezy, but you might be hearing it like she's for real.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is like the she means business and this is black and white and I better do it. So I've got to be really careful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Bianca Garcia: Know, yeah, I'm not trying to be disrespectful or any offend you in any way, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I guess the summary. So do you think right now I'm offended.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I don't know. I just don't want you to think that I just I that's, that was my perspective and you know your perspective is your reality. So I didn't feel like you're like that but i knew that i mean i know that it obviously it program would have to be someone you know
Bianca Garcia: You were you have to be like that, in a way, but I don't think it's offensive to other people. I don't, I don't think you have to like, you know, I think it's good that we know that we have to be on it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with you beyond
Just us
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, watch what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: This big feeling happen for you. What will she think I don't want her mad at me and then you know what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: A PANIC. So my question to you is going to rewind even further back, go back in time. Go back to five years ago, go back to 10 years go back 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Trains try to think back to the earliest time where you were afraid of what an authority figure with think of you see if you can go back and picture an important story, maybe the most intense time. That was the case or the earliest age. What do you think
Bianca Garcia: Well, I've had
Bianca Garcia: Always obviously had some scares with like authorities figured like I i don't like to be around already because like, like, you know, I try to be as good as possible to avoid that. But I mean obviously I've had run ins and I guess maybe I just, I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: you're realizing
Bianca Garcia: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm here. Okay. Monica. Let your therapist do that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I tried to be as good as that's that's sort of let's sort of philosophizing for a second. I'm really, I'm asking you to pull up a memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your working just pull one out. The first thing that came to mind when I asked you that what was one of the memories that came up, hmm, I'm listening to what Glenn is saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I just thought of this. What was the first first image, you got when I brought that up.
Bianca Garcia: When you said already, I, I ran. We thought about it. This is a long time ago, but I thought about my ankle monitor person.
Bianca Garcia: And and this was it like how like eight years ago or something. But yeah, that's what I thought about because
Bianca Garcia: I had missed one of my things that I didn't know if it was like, because you had to do like you had to go do like your job and then you're counseling or blah, blah, blah. And I missed something. And she threw me in jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, ouch. Yes, so you, you probably had some sort of supervision, you probably had some sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: pre trial release supervision or something and you were asked to do community service and you're asked to be on this ankle monitor and you got to report it this time and drug screens and all that kind of stuff. Right.
Bianca Garcia: And I don't know about all the junk foods. I just know I was, I lived in Santa Fe. And I do have to do time of there and then I had to do time in MTC when I was in NBC they wanted to release me, but I have no family or friends and
Bianca Garcia: I met this girl in jail and her son lived in this house and I moved there in a week later I found my own place here in Albuquerque. But I had to reside in Albuquerque on the ankle bracelet.
Bianca Garcia: Because I was, I was actually finalizing my probation. So I had to do a few months up here in Albuquerque. So I had to like live up here and
Bianca Garcia: Work up here and I've always lived in Santa Fe. So yeah, that's what happened. But no, it was nothing about john screens and stuff like that. But maybe I had to after because I don't know. I don't remember the race. It was exactly but remember that memory of authority.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it sounds like you were on
Gwenevere Abriel: Ankle monitoring during a probation period and you had requirements is about a year ago was about eight years ago and you violated was a VoIP or picked up on a VoIP brought in custody. How many hours or days. Did you have to stay in jail.
Bianca Garcia: No, I went in, actually, to see the medical monitor person. And she's like, Oh, this lady said you missed. And I'm like, oh, we rescheduled I didn't know it was like big deal, but they were such as is there oh my god like especially appear there like so mean.
Bianca Garcia: And yeah, and she took me from the probate from the ankle monitors offers acting. They're calling tracker. I remember something like that. And yeah, they me and some other girl had got in, but I don't remember how long it was
Bianca Garcia: Really. Yeah, no, I think it was like a few days, I think, I don't know, I think it was, though.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I don't even have good memory as it is and and yeah I don't remember exact time how long it was, but I would have to ask
Bianca Garcia: My, my, my boyfriend to see if you remember, because he was there with me at that time. And he has he's sometimes we has like some things that I forget, or he forgets. And then we put together. Oh, yeah. But right now I do not know exactly how long it was
Bianca Garcia: I know for sure. I think it was a few few days. Oh, but
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is your oldest child.
Bianca Garcia: She is 12 oh yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to take care of any kids. You're more than welcome to because sometimes we gotta keep them entertained.
Bianca Garcia: But yeah, she she they'd like to like sleeping now that there's no school, so she's, she's the smallest one. She was my second smallest but she likes to come in here and watch TV or, you know, let's make some food. But I said, Hold on one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: At the time, and he didn't have any family or friends like, I'm sure. Do you see so confusing.
Bianca Garcia: For no i did i have my oldest my 12 year old, she was there she was. She was little she was like one or two but
Bianca Garcia: She was not with me. She was with my mom. And then she went with her dad after because he had to move up here with
Bianca Garcia: Us together while I was there, so she was like gramma DAD, AND THEN SHE HAD TO COME WITH HIM. SO DON'T KNOW, I HAD HER. BUT I DIDN'T HAVE nobody up here like no friends, no family. Oh buddy up. Everybody was insanity.
Bianca Garcia: And they wouldn't let me go to sign up on equal basically said here.
Bianca Garcia: So I yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the crime. Do the time right like that like you didn't hear you got to pay or like not very nice. Okay, so here we are, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on probation. You're on the ankle monitor you're on some sort of supervision status, you're making you stand on her feet, you have to work and live there. Your boyfriend moves. Does your little one come with you eventually and live there. All three of you together and
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Yes. Yeah. Once I got out one week later I I just did one week with the with my friends sudden, I found a place at we all came here. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's interesting the
Gwenevere Abriel: The memory of how many days you were in there. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember anything about how you felt while you were in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are your stays in custody all kind of lumped together like there none of them really are distinguished from each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they do you know that we're distinguished because if I'm not saying something that makes any sense. I gotta, I gotta come up with a better way to say it.
Bianca Garcia: But I didn't do me like if I could tell like they just all the same to me or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me let me come at it from a different way. How long all put together. Have you been in custody into office.
Bianca Garcia: All together.
Bianca Garcia: All together. Oh, shoot. I don't know. I mean, I've done like
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try just try
Gwenevere Abriel: It all together, as if there was no time out in between all together. I've spent in jail.
Bianca Garcia: Under opera, but I don't know, maybe like a year.
Bianca Garcia: I don't know. That's just what I think I don't know because I've done like one day or then or a week here and there. I mean, before I used it was like that. Like, like, and now I don't try to be like that.
Bianca Garcia: But yeah, I didn't like it was like that for a while. Like, and it was always for for like fees, like, oh, you owe a fee. And I'm like, oh, like, yeah, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Charges themselves, where they possession related where they
Bianca Garcia: Know they were always like like war, it feels like, oh, you have to pay this or traffic stuff like you have to pay this. It's always something that had to pay and I wasn't able to because they started charging you all kinds, like they pay they want you to pay a lot
Bianca Garcia: For dumb stuff and it was always like warnings are
Bianca Garcia: Because of the fees that I owe from like traffic violations or suspended license or just stuff like that but that one was for probation. So that was like a major one
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that one for what was the offense there.
Bianca Garcia: Um, I think it was a dW by
Bianca Garcia: And I was like 24 you think
Bianca Garcia: Or no, yeah, it was from up here in Albuquerque. That's what it was a DWI.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had other GWS
Know, okay.
Bianca Garcia: No, I'm not. I don't even like to drink. I was just young and dumb.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there any memories of being in jail that you relive or they intrude into your dream life.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I think sometimes di like I like have like fear over like I'm like I don't want it. Like, I don't want to be like that. And I think I spent enough time.
Bianca Garcia: That I'm like no, I can't go back so i think i do i i think i theory in my dreams.
Bianca Garcia: I don't have like a specific dream, but I know I've had like sometimes you don't even remember your dreams, but I know that I have had like fears over a
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was your diagnosis about panic disorder.
Bianca Garcia: Um, I think it was like last year.
Bianca Garcia: I just, I was, I was in treating I didn't really know until I was like, maybe I need to go see a psychiatrist or something over the worthiness and
Bianca Garcia: You know, like the constant, I guess just worrying and overthinking so I did in that. And it's actually helped a lot more. Sometimes I do like that time. Like, I'm like, oh man, and and i don't like to be liked out because I don't want to worry about it. Like, I don't want to feel like I have
Bianca Garcia: Well, I guess everybody has a consequence, but I don't want it to be like where I'm all like I jacked up that much, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So worry for everyone is different constant thinking is different.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you constantly thinking about what are you worrying about I'd like to hear the thought, this is what I'm thinking. I kept thinking this, what did you keep thinking
Bianca Garcia: I'm usually
Bianca Garcia: Is it's just like life in general, things are. I don't know, just like, Oh, we have to hurt the guy here, or, oh, they need to. I need to do this for the kids and are getting ready. I don't know. It's just little things. It could be little things that could be everything. It's just
Bianca Garcia: It gets everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check in on how you're doing. Now pay attention to a little scanner, your body now sort of turn in even taking in information with your eyes and your ears right you can see this video you can hear this video.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been maybe trying to answer my questions, but we haven't been paying much attention to how your body's feeling and you do a little scan and see, see if there's anything tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any sort of energy shift anything tapping rattling twitching anything going on just remove it from the feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ankle calves knees thighs to your seat bones, where it meets the seat up your back and your gut, your stomach, your chest pain tension to the hands to the arms, pay attention to the shoulders and the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune into the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scanning scanning upwards further into the neck into the jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the eyes and the forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice when we do that, scan. What do you notice about you.
Bianca Garcia: I was moving my hands a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, is that right, okay.
Bianca Garcia: Well, like I was like I was like, sure. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So my guess is
Gwenevere Abriel: Since there's a bit of an association to an authority figure and the negative consequence was that you could be put in jail. That's not what this is.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's, well we can know it logically and our irrational mind the limbic system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has a different imprint of having not followed a rule we think is a rule.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's different in here and that's that's the thing, your body, your, your mind and body might remember it as if I might go back to jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, logically, you're like, No, this is this. I'm not on probation. That's not what's going on, but the memory itself is imprinted with that kind of intensity that kind of threat response.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your freedom might be taken away by miss this meeting. It could be that what's being activated is a reliving of that what you just described. And I don't know if it's this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, eight years ago, or if it's other ones, or if it's sort of this blending of a bunch of them are there's other stuff that we have yet to learn
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a reliving of it as if I could.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does it feel like the dial on worry over I miss an appointment with Glenn doesn't match.
Gwenevere Abriel: The mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, does the amount of worry that you give it match. I just forgot. Does it match.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is the worry too high or the worry, not enough to the missed appointment. Like where would you, how would you sort of write that.
Bianca Garcia: Probably a bit higher.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a bit higher.
Gwenevere Abriel: The worry the worries higher than
Bianca Garcia: Then the, I don't know, like, whatever you said if it matches. I think it would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I want to know what you what you heard, though, so the worry is higher than what
Bianca Garcia: I think you said of, I don't know. I don't know. I thought maybe you thought you said of like the bit like the missing appointment. Yes. Yeah.
That's it.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, so I would think that uh yeah I'm always worried. I'm like, I gotta make sure I gotta get there. You know, I don't want to miss. And I know it's not the gel part. I just know that. I mean, I don't want to be like terminated or, you know, yeah, I worry about that. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Got one not have my meds, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go that's typically what it is that this even though I'm not prescribing it's dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, it's not too far removed from
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I need to comply with this so that this medication gets ordered that. And so then I end up looking like a probation officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, the problem with that. Bianca, and I get it. Believe me, I do. Um, I hope we can get past that part. And I'll tell you why you're not going to want to trust me.
Bianca Garcia: If
Gwenevere Abriel: You're afraid of me, you will most, most people once they really get that you know how you said earlier you said something like this. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this isn't really therapy is for my substance users. This is absolutely psychotherapy. I'm a licensed therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't spend all my time talking about the medicine or the buprenorphine. I want to know about childhood trauma. I spend most with most clients. I'm spending. I'm doing em, Dr. We're doing inner child work.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're absolutely addressing depression, anxiety, we're addressing grief, we're addressing interpersonal communication, we're doing that in here. But if you're afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't open up if we can't be right. I mean, it will work. If you're so afraid. So you and I got a fun. We're going to have to find our way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where
Gwenevere Abriel: You can relax into trusting that I care about you. This is not about me waiting for a gotcha. It's not that I'm not waiting for you to make a mistake, and then I gotcha. I'm not those those ankle monitor people I'm someone who I asked questions so that I can be of service to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you say I have a panic disorder. I have an anxiety disorder. I want to rewind and understand. Hmm, wonder where it came from. She must have come up with this way of approaching the world for a reason. I wonder what it was. And I kind of want to go there and figure it out with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not to get the gotcha now.
Gwenevere Abriel: My authority is in it somewhere else in group, you'll see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In protecting the doctors time you'll see it in protecting boundaries with clients, you'll hear me say we can't tell people how to live their life. Let's make sure we're only sharing stories, some kind of keeping safety for everyone also doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if one person shows up and says, hey, listen, I'm going to bounce after 15 minutes. How would you guys feel
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had to get a babysitter, and you had to spend your last $25 on data and make sure you stay for this meeting. How are you going to feel when this guy has to balance out in and out. What he wants to
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would be pissed off.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I didn't see that point. But I'm actually that's a really good point.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, definitely. But also, I kind of felt like, I'm like, oh, they have, I mean I it's kind of hard to balance work and
Bianca Garcia: And these this is this is tense. I think this is like an intense group, you know, the individual groups and
Bianca Garcia: But I think it's really awesome because it also helps a lot in if obviously we're here because we need it. So we have to
Bianca Garcia: Give our time and not like you said, leave whenever just because he has other stuff. Yeah, you're right. I totally agree. I wouldn't agree with it neither, but I didn't agree with it at first because I didn't see it that way but
Bianca Garcia: I do
Bianca Garcia: See a different way now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these appointments are at a particular time, like there are set, here's a group. Here's a group. Here's a group. Everybody knows when they are. I don't change group times very often. This is very rare once in
Gwenevere Abriel: Three years I'm changing this Friday thing. Hmm. So basically, it's always the same 99.9% of the time very predictable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one way to think about it is right heart health didn't go into who I don't even know the person who you're thinking of I've since forgotten it. If you reminded me I could probably remember but I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I didn't go into this person's life and knock on his door and say, hey, listen, I know you're working, but can you not go to work today and show up to my services.
Gwenevere Abriel: What he did or she did don't know who it was. They came to us and said, I will put aside for an hour, what I'm doing, whether it's work childcare cooking sleeping and I will attend your services at these set times. And what happened, I think, is he or she didn't do that.
Bianca Garcia: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were set we didn't interrupt there. Otherwise, you know, their work life or whatever.
Bianca Garcia: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's the difference. We have it already scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: Attend those things. You made a commitment to it you meaning people in the
Bianca Garcia: Commitment.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the best of your ability. Here's the thing. We're human. We make mistakes I make them every day, make them all the time. I have a right to apologize. I have a right to explain myself. I have a right to forgive myself when I make a mistake and I make them every day.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to make mistakes to to forget things to oversleep to be overworked, you know, tired, hungry you do to just like everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's bring today to a close and Bianca, I want you to see if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice about how you were with me today that might have been just a little bit different than how you've been with me in the past. Do you notice any difference about yourself and what. What is that difference
Bianca Garcia: If it goes explaining myself more
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: I think I have. But no, I don't know, what do you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you were sharing more like he will you described him explaining myself more
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, yeah, I think you were, I would ask you a question and
Gwenevere Abriel: You would give a general response. And then I would ask, I'm looking for specifics and I noticed, I don't think you wanted, or were comfortable or could remember. I can't tell what it is, but I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how am I, but I think it was really useful for us to address this authority piece to to get at trust like
Bianca Garcia: Well, how many
Gwenevere Abriel: Press this lady if she's, she's going to bounce me out of here.
Bianca Garcia: No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way you're going to trust me, if you're always in the back of your mind thinking I'm one or two mistakes away from being kicked out.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that isn't how this program works, it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you here. I want you working on the goals that you want to achieve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it's working through the panic piece if I get more hours of the day where I'm in a relaxed body and I have more confidence than that's progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to be worried the whole time. I don't want to tell this lady something so she uses it against me kicks me out of here, you're just wasting your time. If you're doing that, right. So our relationship was at the forefront.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of today. And I think we need to keep it there until you can really say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to do A, B, and C in order to trust you and we make that happen. I think we're going to have to keep working on report and developing trust. I already trust you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I still look like a threat because I might be the one holding your medication from you. So there's still this this distance that we've got to overcome, and I think we'll get there because you're not the first person to go through this
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more you name it, the better the more you can say, well, you know what, Glenn, I want to tell you some stuff, but I don't want you to judge me or I want to tell you some stuff about it but
Gwenevere Abriel: First let's let's send a message to Dr. Solomon about my medicine. Let's do that first. You might say that to me, I'll say, Oh, yeah. Great. Let me do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it's out of the way. Or you might say, Okay, I've been here working with you and I've consistently attended individual therapy and groups for a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to know, let's move that prescription to every two weeks, so that you can relax more and it's not this constant question of will. I have it will I have it will I have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is very reasonable. In fact, that's what we normally do. But there's been a little, a little bump. That's all. Just a little bump, and we're going to get right back on track. But all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear. I can hear pretty much anything except that you want to kill me or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're planning on killing someone else, including you, then I've got to take action. I've got to protect you. I've got it. You know, check myself and whoever this is but otherwise Bianca, you can you can just do you in here.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You can let it fly, and I'm not going to get offended. I won't make it about me. This is going to be about what is going on, either in here that's getting in the way of you doing the deep, meaningful work and we did a little bit of that today so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me make sure I turn to my program here and I turned to my little slack message and I messaged your doctor and you have Dr element right
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to just say,
Bianca Garcia: He is. That's a good relief I feel really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. I'm so glad I'm sorry you had to sit with that fear for so long. No, no, no, no.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to feel comfortable. Alright, so we got beyond us here today. And when's your next service. When's the next thing. Are you coming in on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow, yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But once you're here and
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't you already in a group, this week.
Bianca Garcia: No. Oh, you told me, Well, remember I missed Friday. And then she said, Go.
Bianca Garcia: Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've already attended group, you know, you don't have to go again this week you can be done after today.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, okay. I didn't know already. I don't mind, I did. I'm like, people are going
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and you are more than welcome to go. You're more than invited you can go to all of my groups, assuming that financially. It's not a constraint for you, more than welcome to
Gwenevere Abriel: To get support and a lot of people are and they're like, okay, this is a really stressful time. I need to touch base with people. This is I'm all isolated and alone. So they're touching base so your next service, let's set up another time for us. Let's go over to April. See what we got.
Will go back to regulate being group on Friday.
We met
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we met at 12 on Thursday, April 9, how would that be for you.
Bianca Garcia: Thursday, April 9
Bianca Garcia: And we're
Gwenevere Abriel: At 12 do you do stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the afternoons.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, sometimes I go grocery shopping. But that actually do that first. And then with you and then go after
Okay.
Right, yeah.
Bianca Garcia: That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's it. Okay, so our next. So we got
Okay see her next
Bianca Garcia: Did we just say we said April night.
Bianca Garcia: Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your next services are 12 o'clock on April 9 and then group if you want to you can do stuff before this, but then April 10. Those are set, but you're more than welcome to attend any any, anything that I'm running. You're more than welcome to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have Monday 9am Monday 1pm Tuesday 7am Thursday 11am and then Friday.
Bianca Garcia: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. Okay, so I sent the message and
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy safe and I will see you soon.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you, you too.